README.md, before:

## Manuav Company Evaluation (single LLM call + web search)

This repo is a small pipeline that:
- takes a **company website URL**
- runs **one** LLM call with **web search enabled**
- returns a **Manuav Fit score (0–10)** + recommendation + evidence (JSON)

Supported providers:
- **OpenAI** (using `gpt-4.1-mini`, `gpt-4o`, `gpt-5.x`, etc.) with built-in Web Search tool.
- **Google Gemini** (using `gemini-3-flash-preview`, `gemini-2.0-flash`, etc.) with Grounding with Google Search.

### Setup

- **Install**:

```bash
python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
python -m pip install google-genai  # Optional: for Gemini support
```

- **Create a `.env`** (recommended):

```bash
copy .env.example .env
```

Then edit `.env` and set `OPENAI_API_KEY` or `GEMINI_API_KEY`.

Optional (model override):

```bash
OPENAI_MODEL="gpt-4.1-mini"
# or for Gemini:
GEMINI_MODEL="gemini-3-flash-preview"
```

Optional (rubric override / versioning):

```bash
MANUAV_RUBRIC_FILE="rubrics/manuav_rubric_v4_en.md"
```

Optional (cap web-search/tool calls per company - OpenAI only):

```bash
MANUAV_MAX_TOOL_CALLS=8
```

Optional (pricing for cost reporting; USD per 1M tokens - OpenAI only):

```bash
MANUAV_PRICE_INPUT_PER_1M=1.75
MANUAV_PRICE_CACHED_INPUT_PER_1M=0.175
MANUAV_PRICE_OUTPUT_PER_1M=14.00
```

Optional (pricing for cost reporting; USD per 1M tokens - Gemini only):

```bash
GEMINI_PRICE_INPUT_PER_1M=0.50
GEMINI_PRICE_OUTPUT_PER_1M=3.00
GEMINI_PRICE_SEARCH_PER_1K=35.00
```

Optional (prompt caching to reduce repeated rubric/system input cost - OpenAI only):

```bash
MANUAV_PROMPT_CACHE=1
MANUAV_PROMPT_CACHE_RETENTION=24h
```

Optional (reasoning effort override; default is auto - OpenAI only):

```bash
MANUAV_REASONING_EFFORT=low
```

### Run (OpenAI)

```bash
python -m scripts.evaluate https://company.com
```

To also show estimated cost on stderr (JSON output remains on stdout):

```bash
python -m scripts.evaluate https://company.com
```

To suppress cost printing:

```bash
python -m scripts.evaluate https://company.com --no-cost
```

### Run (Google Gemini)

Ensure `GEMINI_API_KEY` is set.

```bash
python -m scripts.evaluate_gemini https://company.com
```

### Irene sample (9 rows: 3 low / 3 mid / 3 high)

Create the sample:

```bash
python -m scripts.make_irene_sample
```

Run the evaluator on the sample (writes JSONL + prints MAE):

```bash
python -m scripts.run_irene_sample
```

This also writes a **timestamped CSV** to `outputs/`. Add a suffix with `-s`:

```bash
python -m scripts.run_irene_sample -s baseline
```

Files:
- `data/Websearch Irene - Manuav AI Search.csv`: Irene’s full manual research
- `data/irene_sample_9.csv`: sampled 9-row subset
- `outputs/<timestamp>[_suffix].jsonl`: model results for the sample (JSONL)
- `outputs/<timestamp>[_suffix].csv`: flattened results for the sample (CSV)

### Output

Scripts print strict JSON including:
- `manuav_fit_score` (0–10)
- `confidence` (low/medium/high)
- `reasoning` (why this score, per rubric)
- `sources_visited` (the pages relied on)

Commit message:

Refactor evaluation process to include web search tool usage and cost tracking. Updated README to clarify JSON output structure, removing sources list. Introduced new functions for web search pricing and integrated them into evaluation scripts. Enhanced evaluator functions to return web search call statistics and debug information. Updated tests to reflect changes in output schema and added new test cases for web search functionality.

README.md, after:

## Manuav Company Evaluation (single LLM call + web search)

This repo is a small pipeline that:
- takes a **company website URL**
- runs **one** LLM call with **web search enabled**
- returns a **Manuav Fit score (0–10)** + recommendation + evidence (JSON)

Supported providers:
- **OpenAI** (using `gpt-4.1-mini`, `gpt-4o`, `gpt-5.x`, etc.) with built-in Web Search tool.
- **Google Gemini** (using `gemini-3-flash-preview`, `gemini-2.0-flash`, etc.) with Grounding with Google Search.

### Setup

- **Install**:

```bash
python -m pip install -r requirements.txt
python -m pip install google-genai  # Optional: for Gemini support
```

- **Create a `.env`** (recommended):

```bash
copy .env.example .env
```

Then edit `.env` and set `OPENAI_API_KEY` or `GEMINI_API_KEY`.

Optional (model override):

```bash
OPENAI_MODEL="gpt-4.1-mini"
# or for Gemini:
GEMINI_MODEL="gemini-3-flash-preview"
```

Optional (rubric override / versioning):

```bash
MANUAV_RUBRIC_FILE="rubrics/manuav_rubric_v4_en.md"
```

Optional (cap web-search/tool calls per company - OpenAI only):

```bash
MANUAV_MAX_TOOL_CALLS=8
```

Optional (pricing for cost reporting; USD per 1M tokens - OpenAI only):

```bash
MANUAV_PRICE_INPUT_PER_1M=1.75
MANUAV_PRICE_CACHED_INPUT_PER_1M=0.175
MANUAV_PRICE_OUTPUT_PER_1M=14.00
```

Optional (pricing for cost reporting; USD per 1M tokens - Gemini only):

```bash
GEMINI_PRICE_INPUT_PER_1M=0.50
GEMINI_PRICE_OUTPUT_PER_1M=3.00
GEMINI_PRICE_SEARCH_PER_1K=35.00
```

Optional (prompt caching to reduce repeated rubric/system input cost - OpenAI only):

```bash
MANUAV_PROMPT_CACHE=1
MANUAV_PROMPT_CACHE_RETENTION=24h
```

Optional (reasoning effort override; default is auto - OpenAI only):

```bash
MANUAV_REASONING_EFFORT=low
```

### Run (OpenAI)

```bash
python -m scripts.evaluate https://company.com
```

To also show estimated cost on stderr (JSON output remains on stdout):

```bash
python -m scripts.evaluate https://company.com
```

To suppress cost printing:

```bash
python -m scripts.evaluate https://company.com --no-cost
```

### Run (Google Gemini)

Ensure `GEMINI_API_KEY` is set.

```bash
python -m scripts.evaluate_gemini https://company.com
```

### Irene sample (9 rows: 3 low / 3 mid / 3 high)

Create the sample:

```bash
python -m scripts.make_irene_sample
```

Run the evaluator on the sample (writes JSONL + prints MAE):

```bash
python -m scripts.run_irene_sample
```

This also writes a **timestamped CSV** to `outputs/`. Add a suffix with `-s`:

```bash
python -m scripts.run_irene_sample -s baseline
```

Files:
- `data/Websearch Irene - Manuav AI Search.csv`: Irene’s full manual research
- `data/irene_sample_9.csv`: sampled 9-row subset
- `outputs/<timestamp>[_suffix].jsonl`: model results for the sample (JSONL)
- `outputs/<timestamp>[_suffix].csv`: flattened results for the sample (CSV)

### Output

Scripts print strict JSON including:
- `manuav_fit_score` (0–10)
- `confidence` (low/medium/high)
- `reasoning` (short: why this score, per rubric)

Note: sources/URLs are not included in the JSON output to save output tokens. For OpenAI, you can extract citations from the Responses API output annotations when web search is enabled.
